DOC-3353-1 Fixed links for CE 4.7- part 2 (#261)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.7/enterprise/node/operating/clientrpc.md

[here](https://github.com/corda/spring-webserver).

> {{< /warning >}}

Reviewer: The links to the API docs don't resolve properly, they just go to the API homepage. 
Think you need to change the start of them from: 
https://api.corda.net/api/4.7/enterprise/html/api/javadoc/net/corda/client/rpc/ 
to:
https://docs.r3.com/en/api-ref/corda/4.7/enterprise/javadoc/net/corda/client/rpc

`RPCConnection` is also a `Closeable` construct, so it is a good idea to call `close()` on it after use.

### Specify multiple endpoint addresses

You can pass in multiple endpoint addresses when constructing `MultiRPCClient`.
If you do so, `MultiRPCClient` will operate in fail-over mode and if one of the endpoints becomes unreachable, it will automatically re-try the connection using a round-robin policy.

For more information, see the API documentation for [MultiRPCClient](../../../../../../../en/api-ref/corda/4.7/open-source/javadoc/net/corda/client/rpc/ext/MultiRPCClient.html).

### Add RPC connection listeners

If the reconnection cycle has started, the previously supplied `RPCConnection` may become interrupted and `proxy` will throw an
`RPCException` every time the remote method is called.

> To be notified when the connection has been re-established or, indeed, to receive notifications throughout the lifecycle of every connection, you can add one or more [RPCConnectionListeners](https://api.corda.net/api/4.7/enterprise/html/api/javadoc/net/corda/client/rpc/ext/RPCConnectionListener.html) to `MultiRPCClient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be notified when the connection has been re-established or, indeed, to receive notifications throughout the lifecycle of every connection, you can add one or more [RPCConnectionListeners](../../../../../../../en/api-ref/corda/4.7/open-source/javadoc/net/corda/client/rpc/ext/RPCConnectionListener.html) to `MultiRPCClient`.
```
```suggestion
To be notified when the connection has been re-established or, indeed, to receive notifications throughout the lifecycle of every connection, you can add one or more [RPCConnectionListeners](https://api.corda.net/api/4.7/enterprise/html/api/javadoc/net/corda/client/rpc/ext/RPCConnectionListener.html) to `MultiRPCClient`.
```

> Note that RPC TLS does not use mutual authentication, and delegates fine-grained user authentication and authorisation to the RPC security features detailed under [Managing RPC security](#managing-rpc-security).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that RPC TLS does not use mutual authentication, and delegates fine-grained user authentication and authorisation to the RPC security features detailed under [Managing RPC security](#manage-rpc-security).
```
